1. Open the deployment details page

Precondition: User should be authenticated and should see list of deployments.
Actions: Fetch deployment details
Expected Result: Asset list of the deployment should be displayed

2. In the deployment details page, validate the deployment information

Precondition: user should be in the deployment details page
Actions: Check if all the deployment information is valid and correct
Expected Result: All the information related to deployment should be correct

3. In the deployment details page, asset list of the deployment should be displayed

Precondition: user should be in the deployment details page
Actions: Check if all the assets related to the deployment is displayed as a list with deployment time & status
Expected Result: All the information related to assets should be correct and asset list should have File ID, File Name, deployment time & status

4. Click on File ID to view details related to File in a popup

Precondition: user should be in the deployment details page
Actions: Click on File ID
Expected Result: details realted to the File ID should be displayed to the user in the popup

5. Validate the details displayed in the popup

Precondition: user should be in the File ID details Popup
Actions: validate the fields displayed in the popup
Expected Result: All the expected fields - File ID, File Name, Catalog Name, AIT, Organization Name, Deployment Status, Deployment Errors, Link to Asset should be displayed

6. Validate the JSON details against the field Link to Asset

Precondition: user should be in the File ID details Popup
Actions: Click on the 'View File Info' link against the Link to Asset in the Popup
Expected Result: Complete JSON details should be displayed against the link to asset.

7. Download the JSON details against the field Link to Asset

Precondition: user should be in the File ID details Popup
Actions: Click on the 'Download File Info' link against the Link to Asset in the Popup
Expected Result: Complete JSON details should be downloaded.